Fix: FPS TUT. PART 5 - Problematic Null Control (#2807)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/3d/fps_tutorial/part_five.rst

Next we send the ray into the space state and see if it gets a result. We add the player and the knife's :ref:`Area <class_Area>` as two exceptions so the player cannot carry
themselves or the knife's collision :ref:`Area <class_Area>`.

> Then we check to see if we got a result back from the ray. If there is no object collided with the ray, empty Dictionary will be returned. If we have, we then see if the collider the ray collided with is a :ref:`RigidBody <class_RigidBody>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then we check to see if we got a result back from the ray. If no object has collided with the ray, an empty Dictionary will be returned. If the Dictgionary is not empty (i.e. at least one object has collided), we then see if the collider the ray collided with is a :ref:`RigidBody <class_RigidBody>`.
```
